# Wenduo Sky

### Q1: What are you planning to build?
Our team, Wenduo Sky, is building YourScope, an educational website that serves students in grades 8-12 and helps them plan their individualized high school experience. Our website is tailored to meet the needs of students from low-medium income families, first-generation students, students with learning disabilities, and those struggling with or on the verge of failing high school. YourScope offers a wide range of tools and resources to ensure that every type of student succeeds. One of the key features of YourScope is our evaluation system. We start by analyzing each student's current courses and academic performance and then help determine their learning style. From there, we provide personalized recommendations for course selection for the upcoming school year. We also offer a planning tool designed to help students visualize their courses throughout high school, highlighting prerequisite courses and any exclusions. Another significant feature is post-secondary planning, including plans for colleges, trade schools, and universities. We also provide application support to help students navigate the complicated process of applying to higher education institutions. YourScope will also host material dedicated to interview preparation, job searches, and a resume/cover letter builder. These features help students overcome the biggest challenges in high school by providing support anytime and anywhere compared to the traditional help students receive from guidance counsellors or consultants. YourScope eliminates the need for planning 1-on-1 meetings, lowers the barrier of entry to receive information a guidance counsellor or consultant would provide, and is widely accessible in both price and function compared to other services.

### Q2: Who are your target users?

#### Frank Frost 
Frank Frost is a high school senior who is planning for post-secondary. Frank is an average student, with a current mark of 72%. Although Franks's parents want him to go to University, he is still determining if that's the right path for him. Frank has always been passionate about video games and spends most of his time playing online with his friends. Frank wants to create his own game one day. He heard that there are post-secondary programs that focus on video game design and programming, but he is curious if his grades are enough for him to get accepted. Frank would like to see all his options to get involved with video game design, whether through a University degree, a college diploma, or even a boot camp, and then learn what steps he needs to take to pursue that path. 

#### Jenny Young
Jenny Young is a superintendent looking to improve how students choose and select courses in her district. In the last couple of years, she received feedback from students, guidance counsellors, and others that with the increasing amounts of students and courses being offered, it's becoming exponentially harder to keep track of which courses students can take based on their prerequisite and class sizes. Through traditional means, Jenny advised handing out booklets illustrating charts and diagrams to demonstrate prerequisite requirements for different courses. However, the feedback indicated students still needed help documenting their course selections properly. Jenny wishes there was an easy-to-understand and resourceful way to communicate this information while eliminating the paperwork required.

### Q3: Why would your users choose your product? What are they using today to solve their problem/need?
Currently, students only have a few options for online educational consulting services. Most educational consulting and admissions support is done directly in person through the student's school with the help of guidance counsellors and other support. The services that are available online, like Varsity Tutors and Education Directions, are usually focused on providing 1-1 support directly to the student through a consultant, which can be very costly. YourScope, on the other hand, is an entirely digital educational platform that allows students to plan their future individually, removing the need for support from another person. The students can access the platform from anywhere and anytime through their desktop or mobile devices and receive help immediately compared to the 1-2 business days needed to be connected with a consultant. YourScope is designed to be accessible and user-friendly for students with different learning styles or disabilities. With that in mind, YourScope analyzes the student's goals and behaviours through different evaluations available on the site. This provides specialized plans for every student, similar to how the 1-1 counsellors may do so without needing appointments, meetings, or any extra costs. YourScope strives to bridge the gap between money and opportunities, so the proposed subscription for the services is as follows: $50/month or $500 annually from grades 8-10 and $100/month or $1,000 annually from grades 11 and 12. 

### Q4: What does "DONE" means to your team 
We classify "done" as:
1. All tasks of a user story are completed as set by the acceptance criteria
2. Functionality was verified by the developer and at least one other person.
3. Any changes do not break other functionalities or features.
4. PRs are reviewed by at least one other team member before.

----

## Highlights
During the planning phase of YourScope, our team went through many different ideas. At first, we debated whether we should proceed with an original idea or help bring to life one of the NVP projects. After some discussion, we were down to two project ideas RapidReserve, a platform that allowed customers to pay for last-minute reservations, or YourScope, a digital education platform that provides services to students in grades 8-12. After thoroughly discussing which project better aligned with our goals, our team agreed on taking YourScope as a project. We were moved by the idea of bringing an accessible educational website to all different types of students, as we can all see the benefits it would bring. With this major decision down, we still had a lot more planning to do.

Our first major hurdle was deciding whether YourScope should be a mobile/desktop application or a website. Based on our meeting with the Product Manager, it was clear that there were good arguments for both. However, our team decided that a website aligned more clearly with the goal of having YourScope be accessible for any student since all that is required is internet access. 

Our second major decision was about the features we wanted to implement. The product manager outlined a dozen different potential ideas during our meetings, and given the timeframe we had to develop this project, we were forced to decide which were the most critical. Our vision for YourScope is a platform that allows students to easily plan their entire high school journey and beyond; hence features like course and post-secondary planning, interview prep, and a job board were necessary. Other features, like the evaluations and extracurricular suggestions, came about after thorough discussions on better preparing individual students for success. Along with these features, we decided to exclude some features like the mentoring services and alums connection board, as we envisioned YourScope as an instant feedback platform, so introducing features requiring other users to respond didn't match our goals.